---
layout: interview
vb_id: vb002
twitter_card: true
title: Yadira The PAZ Director
subject: Yadira
interviewer: Juan
soundcloud_id: 90533718
summary: Today we talked to Yadira, the director of our after school
    program.  She has a lot of fun planning activies for kids, but
    the budget doesn't sound fun at all.
introduction: Yadira is the director of the PAZ After School Program.
    She has been the director here for five years.  Even though she
    is Mexican, she can speak Bulgaria. Тя го научих в Корпус на мира.
---

** Hi, my name is Juan and I'm in fourth grade.  We're interviewing
Miss Yadira.  She's the PAZ after school director. **

Hi Juan, thanks for having me.

** What do like about being the PAZ director? **

There's a lot of things that I really like about being the director. I
get to build relationships with over 200 kids every year.  It's pretty
cool to get to interact with kids outside of the classroom setting,
like the traditional school setting.  In PAZ we don't just do
academics or homework, we get to do really cool things.  It's really
neat to see kids, or work with kids, who have great ideas and make
projects.  It's just a really fun job.

** What kind of cool things do you do? **

Well, there's some non-cool things, but we can talk about that later,
ha ha ha.  I think what makes my job so fun -- the cool things I get
to do -- we organize all sorts of projects that kids can take outside
of the classroom.  We can work kids - the creat their own events. They
have their science fair coming up.  Kids are basically going to teach
other people, adults and their parents, about science by doing some
cool experiments.  Sometimes day school doesn't have a lot of time to
do that.

In PAZ, we kinda let our hair down and have fun, but also learn.  I
think you probably know the whole reason PAZ is here is because we --
or the teachers back when it first started -- really believed that
kids should have a balanced experience of academics, but also a space
to feel socially and emotionally safe.  We're constantly looking for
cool ways to have all of those components in our program.

** What are ways you can improve PAZ problems? **

Like the program?

** Like the problems in PAZ, the ones you can improve. **

You probably remember this.  Last year one of the biggest problems
that we faced, pretty much every year, is money.  We get budget cuts
where they'll tell a problem like PAZ, "next year you're not getting
money, so you can't offer after school programming."  This is a
problem that keeps coming up for us.  Not just PAZ after school, but
many after school programs and day cares in New York City.  One of the
things we've been working at is building relationships with local
officials so that they understand the kind of work that we're doing
here and see that it's important, so that they protect and try to help
save these programs.

I think that one the biggest issues -- the thing that would make it
really successful -- is if we could have kids and parents also go out
and advocate.  Advocate just means that you stand up for something you
think is right and you try to help preserve it. Right now, I do a lot
of that when we're not running PAZ.  In the morning and the night I'm
trying to build relationships with some city officials so that they
understand that this is a very important program for the community.
The problem is that I'm only one person.  I believe that kids have
great ideas and have the right to say what they thinking.  They should
have voice.

I also feel the same about parents because some of our parents are
sometimes shy.  They'll say, "no, you guys know what's best for the
program."  We're constantly -- I'm constantly -- looking at how we
could make a difference in the world, but collectively.  Like as a
community, so that it's not just one person speaking for everybody.
It's all of saying, "hey, we really like PAZ.  It keeps us safe.  We
get to do all these fun things.  Please help us keep it."

** What is one thing that you like about PAZ? **

What I get really excited about is bringing new ideas or new people
into the program that can you kids things that I don't have knowledge
of, or that our counselors don't have knowledge of.  For me it doesn't
feel like work when I know that the kids are learning something super
exciting.  If it means, writing a proposal -- a proposal is a document
where you ask for money or resources or something like that for a
certain service -- then... actually I lost my train of thought.  What
I'm trying to say is that when we bring in new idea or new activities
or new projects, that's super exciting to me because we're introducing
you kids to new knowledge.  You guys get to learn more and more.  I
think that's exciting.

My goal is that you kids are exposed to many different experiences.  I
don't want to you to do the same schedule everyday.  I think it's
important that you try out different activites and think outside of
the box.  In years to come when you're in middle school, you might not
know it then and there, you may feel like, "hey, I'm going to try this
because I tried something totally new in PAZ and that was a really
cool experience.  I'm not afraid to try new things or be open minded
to new ideas."  I hope that when we introduce these kinds of activies
or ideas to you in PAZ, that that stays with you as you get to middle
school.  That's probably the most exciting part about the job.  You've
been on our theater field trips, right?

** Yeah. **

What's the coolest thing that you remember of any of your theater
trips?

** The little clips. **

Oh, the film festival.

** Right. **

That film festival that pretty much goes around 23 different
counties.  That's exactly what I'm talking about.  You got to see an
international film festival that's made only for kids.  I'm sure you
had some cool ideas or you saw things we're you like, "whoa, that's
an awesome movie," right?  It gives you new idea or it inspires you
and makes you think or reflect on what you're about.  Long story
short, the most exciting part of the job is seeing you guys get to do
new activies and build new experiences that you don't always get to do
at home or in school.  We look for the most random and non-traditional
ways to get you exposed to these things.

** What are the activities do you do in PAZ? **

The reason PAZ is here is because 13 or 14 years ago, the principal at
the time along with my boss, they all agreed that it would be
important to have conflict resolution classes, what they call social
or emotional learning now.  No matter whatever happens in the program,
you have to understand that the most important piece of PAZ is these
classes where you kids get to reflect on your days, your feelings,
your emotions, and you get a chance to communicate how things are
going.

That's probably the most important activity in PAZ, but there's a lot
of other things that help that class.  There's cooperative games and
sports which teaches you how to work as a team. There's theatre.  We
have of course reading and homework.  It's important to have balance.
On Friday's we've been doing some really neat things with science, as
you know.  We have other side activities, side clubs, like the
journalism club is one, but also the peer mediators and the peace
helpers.  There's a little bit of everything.

** What do you do in PAZ? **

Ha ha ha, that's a good question.  I'm the director, but what does
that actually mean, right?

** Yeah. **

It's very different everyday.  I'll tell you just randomly what
happens on a day to day basis.  Today, for example, I was meeting
with Maria Sara to help organize her science station for our science
fair.  That took almost two hours because we were thinking really
hard about how do we help kids teach this information to parents and
do it in a way where the kids will have fun.  Of course one of the
things that come up is that, first of all, we need to have a kid in
here in this meeting so that they can tell us what their ideas are.
That took two hours.  It didn't seem like work beause this is all
stuff we're really excited about.  I worked on the schedule because
counselors need to know what's happening next week for our schedule.

I was in another meeting for two hours planning out summer camp and
summer enrollment.  We're going to do registration at the end of this
month and I'm a little nervous by it.  It's a lot of parents that
want to get their kids in summer camp.  We were problem solving.  We
were thinking, "what are some of the problem we'll see in
registration."  How can we try to resolve those problem now before
registration day.

That's just a tiny little taste of what I do. Right now my attention
has been on the whole issue of budget cuts.  The city just last week
said that they're cutting another $61 million dollars to after school
programs and child daycare centers.  It's not just a problem that
affects us, it's city wide.  I'm constantly thinking of how do we
fight to keep our program open.  That's something eats up a lot of my
time.

** That you Miss Yadira for letting me interview you. **

You're welcome.  It was very fun.  Thank you, Juan.
