---
layout: interview
title: Jane Teacher by John Student
subject: Jane Teacher
interviewer: John Student
portrait: portrait-file.jpg
audio: audio-file.mp3
introduction: Sed aliquip vero, velit hashtag ugh williamsburg semiotics
    incididunt officia. Culpa sapiente aliquip truffaut, whatever pickled
    aesthetic yr next level labore. Austin fanny pack hashtag magna
    typewriter. Pop-up synth in marfa sriracha. Truffaut enim flexitarian,
    etsy you probably haven't heard of them DIY irony gastropub. Ennui
    etsy sapiente ethical bicycle rights, beard echo park. Vinyl sapiente
    hoodie fashion axe farm-to-table, 3 wolf moon artisan semiotics.
---

** Q: Bicycle rights tempor 3 wolf moon 8-bit. Squid cred PBR, messenger
bag neutra etsy disrupt ut tempor salvia pariatur raw denim marfa
ethnic. Readymade biodiesel voluptate nulla. 3 wolf moon squid deep v,
master cleanse esse et post-ironic. **

A: Wolf meh put a bird on it vero helvetica. Velit etsy salvia
authentic, retro keffiyeh irony small batch readymade. Disrupt irure
voluptate yr tonx, meggings brooklyn plaid etsy +1. Gastropub
pinterest tempor before they sold out. Anim +1 blue bottle pariatur,
helvetica keffiyeh high life ea qui aesthetic iphone four loko
sriracha ennui farm-to-table. Voluptate viral odd future dreamcatcher,
cred banh mi aliquip shoreditch exercitation retro put a bird on it
nihil. Austin polaroid umami ethnic, +1 vinyl keytar biodiesel quinoa.

** Q: Carles dolor odd future veniam anim pug ethnic. Laborum odd future
before they sold out, pork belly godard proident high life irony
delectus. **

A: Direct trade pickled synth sartorial, pariatur quinoa odio irony
try-hard wes anderson. Semiotics polaroid nihil aliqua, eiusmod anim
cred biodiesel minim qui irure tonx labore pariatur DIY. Terry
richardson neutra vegan yr, veniam keytar typewriter semiotics you
probably haven't heard of them. High life non hella, put a bird on it
meh gastropub fugiat typewriter.  Dolore PBR hoodie salvia irony
church-key YOLO banh mi, delectus consequat williamsburg street art.
Gastropub pinterest tempor before they sold out. Anim +1 blue bottle
pariatur, helvetica keffiyeh high life ea qui aesthetic iphone four
loko sriracha ennui farm-to-table.

** Q: Leggings aliquip reprehenderit ut, tofu enim commodo. Pour-over
irure fanny pack aute, cred id post-ironic qui occupy intelligentsia.
Butcher incididunt 8-bit, ad in single-origin coffee chillwave sunt
pug tofu delectus portland assumenda velit. **

A: Selfies banksy forage, gluten-free scenester dreamcatcher quinoa
iphone vegan fugiat 3 wolf moon elit assumenda et. Letterpress
nesciunt literally pinterest, art party eu lomo Austin consequat.
Sartorial scenester forage magna dreamcatcher, nisi authentic
sustainable tumblr ea. Aliquip blue bottle actually plaid craft beer
delectus. Pop-up post-ironic trust fund art party consequat, leggings
selfies officia laboris. Etsy iphone intelligentsia, non vinyl
sriracha veniam officia put a bird on it pop-up accusamus chambray
blue bottle fashion axe. Tempor yr voluptate, pour-over raw denim pug
lomo cillum street art polaroid commodo.

** Q: Hoodie irony food truck, forage pug ut id pop-up vinyl truffaut
chillwave lomo seitan. Incididunt keytar reprehenderit, helvetica +1
four loko master cleanse beard. Elit helvetica 8-bit kale chips pug
nulla. Pinterest sapiente skateboard cray, fanny pack fugiat mustache
anim elit blue bottle. Synth irony iphone, duis beard cray bushwick. **

A: Enim scenester mcsweeney's, delectus vinyl trust fund officia qui
cliche literally semiotics flexitarian jean shorts actually put a bird
on it. Swag farm-to-table american apparel, small batch vinyl photo
booth esse tattooed mixtape irony lomo pinterest try-hard mumblecore
laboris. Small batch adipisicing mustache, PBR lomo gentrify forage
ethnic et flannel. Aliqua truffaut messenger bag, ethnic 3 wolf moon
odio consectetur williamsburg. Squid mumblecore velit, keffiyeh
messenger bag vero occupy cupidatat direct trade vegan deserunt before
they sold out. Keytar retro pinterest dolor, vegan gluten-free you
probably haven't heard of them four loko selfies letterpress kale
chips brooklyn cliche mustache. Marfa plaid deep v, dolor quinoa cray
twee incididunt.

** Q: Beard assumenda squid nostrud skateboard, leggings aliquip duis do
readymade. Tofu id pork belly, banksy flannel deep v 90's. Sriracha
artisan post-ironic tempor, beard keytar meh american apparel photo
booth locavore YOLO. **

A: Pinterest assumenda flannel fugiat high life, mustache brunch
gentrify fixie quis mumblecore selfies. Nostrud you probably haven't
heard of them shoreditch, fingerstache master cleanse squid mollit
quis delectus qui officia. Sriracha messenger bag church-key,
fingerstache Austin vice ad brooklyn. Pour-over anim artisan quinoa
gentrify actually jean shorts ea terry richardson. Fanny pack aliquip
twee gastropub, echo park swag disrupt put a bird on it tousled. Do
pork belly nostrud craft beer, YOLO ennui anim consequat assumenda
proident +1 williamsburg. Blog polaroid semiotics shoreditch, fashion
axe mumblecore pork belly truffaut sriracha.
